Tag out IRC & Google+ and tag in discord! (#185)
opencompany/www.opencompany.org: _i18n/en/join/index.md

### Dues

Membership dues are pay what you want via [Liberapay](https://liberapay.com/opencompany/).

### Chat

> We maintain an [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/MDffbaQ) where our members, or any interested parties can join to discuss open companies, the initative, or their specific initatives. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We maintain a [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/MDffbaQ) where our members, or any interested parties can join to discuss open companies, the initiative, or their specific initiatives. 
```
